add a behavior change guideline (#518)
apache/spark-website: contributing.md

only the user who writes queries and/or develops Spark plugins, but also the user who deploys and/or manages 
Spark clusters. New features and bug fixes that eliminate `NullPointerException` or correct query results, are behavior 
changes. However, performance improvement, code refactoring, and changes to unreleased APIs/features are 
not.

Everyone makes mistakes and so do Spark developers. We will continue to fix defects in Spark as they arise. However, it's important to communicate these behavior changes, so that Spark users can be 
prepared during Spark version upgrades. If a PR introduces behavior changes, it should be called out 
explicitly in the PR description. If the behavior change may require additional user actions, this should be called 
out in the migration guide and where possible provide options to restore the previous behavior. Some examples:

- Bug fixes that change query results. Users may need to backfill to correct the existing data and must
know about these correctness fixes.
- Bug fixes that change query schema. Users may need to update the schema of the tables in their data pipelines
and must know about these changes.
- Remove configs.

> - Rename error class/condition.

Reviewer: Does changing error message itself count (not touch the error class name and condition, but rewording the error message)?

Author: no, error message change is OK (think about we support different languages in the future)

See the <a href="{{site.baseurl}}/error-message-guidelines.html">error message guidelines</a> for more details.

> <h3>Making behavior changes</h3>

Reviewer 2: Weirdly phrased. How about:

```suggestion
<h3>Behavior changes</h3>
```

> Behavior changes mean user-visible functional changes in a new release via public APIs. The "user" here is not 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Behavior changes are user-visible functional changes in a new release via public APIs. The "user" here is not 
```

only the user who writes queries and/or develops Spark plugins, but also the user who deploys and/or manages 

> Spark clusters. New features, and even bug fixes that eliminate NPE or correct query results, are behavior 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Spark clusters. New features and bug fixes that eliminate `NullPointerException` or correct query results, are behavior 
```

> changes. Things like performance improvement, code refactoring, and changes to unreleased APIs/features are 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
changes. However, performance improvement, code refactoring, and changes to unreleased APIs/features are 
```

not.

Everyone makes mistakes and so do Spark developers. We will keep fixing the wrong behaviors in Spark if there 
are any. However, it's important to communicate these behavior changes to the Spark users, so that they can get 

> prepared when upgrading to new Spark versions. If a PR introduces behavior changes, it should be called out 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Everyone makes mistakes and so do Spark developers. We will continue to fix defects in Spark as they arise. However, it's important to communicate these behavior changes, so that Spark users can be 
prepared during Spark version upgrades. If a PR introduces behavior changes, it should be called out 
```

explicitly in the PR description. If the behavior change may require additional user actions, we should mention 

> it in the migration guide and if possible add a legacy config to restore the behavior. Some examples:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
explicitly in the PR description. If the behavior change may require additional user actions, this should be called 
out in the migration guide and where possible provide options to restore the previous behavior. Some examples:
```

> it in the migration guide and if possible add a legacy config to restore the behavior. Some examples:

Reviewer 2: Where is the migration guide, and how should the user add this information? Can you include that information?

> - Bug fixes that change query results. Users may need to do backfill to correct the existing data and must

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Bug fixes that change query results. Users may need to backfill to correct the existing data and must
```

know about these correctness fixes.
- Bug fixes that change query schema. Users may need to update the schema of the tables in their data pipelines
and must know about these changes.

> - Remove configs.

Reviewer 2: Spark config?

- Rename error class/condition.
- Any non-additive change to the public Python/SQL/Scala/Java/R APIs (including developer APIs): rename function,
remove parameters, add parameters, rename parameters, change parameter default values, etc. These changes should
be avoided in general, or done in a binary-compatible way like deprecating and adding a new function instead of renaming.

> - Any non-additive change to the way Spark should be deployed and managed.

Reviewer 2: This is not an example. Maybe an actual example?

The list above is not supposed to be comprehensive. Anyone can raise your concern when reviewing PRs and ask the PR 

> author to add migration guide if you believe the change is risky and may break users.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The list above is not supposed to be comprehensive. Anyone reviewing a PR can ask the PR 
author to add migration guide if they believe the change is risky and may break users on upgrade.
```

See the <a href="{{site.baseurl}}/error-message-guidelines.html">error message guidelines</a> for more details.

<h3>Behavior changes</h3>

Behavior changes are user-visible functional changes in a new release via public APIs. The "user" here is not 
only the user who writes queries and/or develops Spark plugins, but also the user who deploys and/or manages 

> Spark clusters. New features and bug fixes that for example eliminate `NullPointerException` or correct query 

Reviewer 3: > eliminate `NullPointerException`

Let us use a different example

results, are behavior changes. However, performance improvement, code refactoring, and changes to unreleased 
APIs/features are not.

Everyone makes mistakes and so do Spark developers. We will continue to fix defects in Spark as they arise. 
However, it's important to communicate these behavior changes, so that Spark users can be prepared during Spark 
version upgrades. If a PR introduces behavior changes, it should be called out explicitly in the PR description. 
If the behavior change may require additional user actions, this should be called out in the migration guide 
(`docs/sql-migration-guide.md` for SQL component and similar files for other components) and where possible 

> provide options to restore the previous behavior. Some examples:

Reviewer 3: also, the error messages needs to explain how to restore to the previous behavior .

- Bug fixes that change query results. Users may need to backfill to correct the existing data and must
know about these correctness fixes.
- Bug fixes that change query schema. Users may need to update the schema of the tables in their data pipelines
and must know about these changes.

> - Remove Spark configurations.

Reviewer 3: Remove / rename
